PR: Adapt plugin workshop to the most recent version of cookiecutter (#301)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/workshops/plugin-development.rst

Plugin Development with Spyder
##############################

> This workshop consists of a review of the features and possibilities of the API offered by `Spyder`_ 5, the recently released version of our favorite IDE for Scientific Python, to develop plugins and extend its functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workshop reviews the features and possibilities of the API offered by `Spyder`_ 5—the recently released version of our favorite IDE for scientific Python—for plugin development and to extend its functionality.
```

Tweaked the syntax and phrasing a bit to be a little simpler and easier to understand, and made "scientific" in "scientific Python" lowercase, per convention.

   # Spyder imports
   from spyder.api.plugin_registration.decorators import on_plugin_available

> And add after the ``on_initialize`` method, the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And add the following after the ``on_initialize`` method:
```

Fix grammar (word order)
